Go away
Princess
Do you know why the emperor complimented me today?
Well, you can cure him with clear soup
Of course he's going to praise you. Wrong
Because I can see that the emperor does not want to punish King Liang
And he really appreciated it.
Appreciating King Liang is going to kill him
No poison no husband
The emperor is also such a person
Even more ruthless than Yama
Think about it, if the emperor passes the throne to Yama
Wouldn't he be more at ease?
If I were to execute two people today
The death must be
Demon
Lucky to have you
Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable
So dangerous, so dangerous
I didn't expect that Wang Xun would let me go
Otherwise this king will be finished
Your Highness, you are wrong
It's not that Wang Xun let you go
But the emperor let you go
Wang Xun only saw through the emperor's thoughts
Father let me go
Why? Because you're cruel
For the sake of ascendancy, even the emperor's life can be sacrificed
In the eyes of the emperor
See
It is your ruthlessness and means to be a king
So?
Father has agreed that I will inherit the throne
As it should be
So I didn't punish you.
So as not to overcome the stain for you in the future
But don't be too happy, Prince
Wang Xu is scheming
If you make him a prince
It will be a scourge in the future
So we have to root as soon as possible
I'll ask him if he can't see the sun tomorrow.